- Previously on
"God Friended Me"...
- Oh! Take that, old man!
- Old?
I'm the youngest member
of the board
of your daddy's church.
Yeah, that building's
gonna be a game-changer.
- And everyone
in the community
is pulling for you, Terrence.
[all cheering]
- Just want to thank everyone
for coming out
and helping celebrate
my aunt and uncle
on their 25th anniversary.
[all cheering]
- I thought you were
enjoying yourself.
- I was just putting on
a good face for our family.
- I have it under control.
Everything's gonna be fine.
[lively electronic music]
- ♪ We're gonna rise, rise,
rise, rise, rise ♪
♪ Till we fall
- Sunday morning.
It means something different
to everyone.
Church, brunch, football,
hitting the snooze button
and waking up an hour later.
Truth is,
it doesn't matter how
you spend your Sunday.
What matters is who
you spend your Sunday with.
The people in your life.
Your village.
Your friends. Your family.
They're the ones behind you.
The ones you count on
that are always there for you.
Have faith in them.
Because when you do,
good things happen.
- Having faith
in each other
is the true meaning of God.
That is the reason this church
stands firmly.
The reason we can build towards
a better tomorrow.
The reason, I am proud to say,
that Harlem Episcopal has
finally raised enough funds
to build our Children's Center.
[cheers and applause]
♪
- Oh, bam!
Mmm.
Arthur, that Children's Center
is a major accomplishment.
I'm sorry that Lena
couldn't join us today.
She's feeling a little
under the weather.
- Everything okay with you two?
- Yeah, yeah. I mean, I know
what you saw at the party,
but we're good.
- Hey, guys.
- Hey. There he is.
What's happening?
- Hey.
- Miles, you are just in time.
I am one move away from
checkmating your uncle.
- Your king is unprotected.
- No, sir. See,
what you call that
is a strategy, okay.
- Mm-hmm.
- How's the marketing class
going?
- Oh, it couldn't be better.
- I was, uh, unaware that you
were back in school.
- Oh, it's--it's
an extension course, Dad.
Uncle T hooked me up
with one of his professors.
- Uh-huh.
- No, no, no, no!
- Check. Mate.
- Every time...
[phone ringing]
You're lucky. I got this,
excuse me a second.
Yep?
- Look, Dad, I was gonna
tell you about the class.
- Yeah. Of course.
- No, no, no, no, no.
That is not what we discussed.
All right.
I'll be right there.
- Is everything okay?
- Yeah, just...
just gotta head down
to the construction site
and handle a couple things.
Y'all keep playing.
Don't
let this man win, okay?
It's bad for his ego.
- He seems stressed.
- Your uncle's always got
a million things going on.
[chuckles]
I'm sure he will be fine.
[phone buzzing]
♪
Everything okay?
- So how'd dinner go
with Eli?
- Uh, awkward at first, but...
then kinda great.
- You gonna see him again?
- Uh...
yeah, I don't know.
I'm still figuring it out.
You know, it's nice
to be able to
talk to you about
this kind of stuff.
- It's nice to be here
and listen.
- Care Bear.
- Dad?
- Surprise.
I would have called,
but this is more...
- Hello, Jeffrey.
- Susan.
♪
- [sighing] God, you should
have seen his face.
And her face.
- I'm surprised you didn't
tell your dad, I thought
you two were close.
- Yeah, well, we are.
But could you imagine
that phone call?
"Hey, Dad,
remember the woman who
"Left us and never came back,
"Broke your heart into,
like, a million little pieces?
"Well, actually,
we've been hanging out
"And like, totally bonding.
How are things with you?"
- I wouldn't lead with that.
- Can I just
say something here?
It is truly refreshing
to see someone else spiral.
So thank you.
Oh, by the way, I sent
the God account's new firewall
to this old friend of mine.
If anybody can help
crack it, it's her.
- Good, because whoever's
behind the God account
really upped their game.
I got a new friend suggestion.
It's for my Uncle Terrence.
Thing is,
we're already friends.
- God account's
getting personal.
- This is the first time
you've gotten a suggestion
for someone you know.
Do you have any idea
why they would have
sent you his name?
- No. Terrence
is one of the most
important people in my life.
And yet, somehow
the God account
knows something is wrong
before I do?
- Well, it's a good thing
you got his name, then.
You could figure out
how to help him.
♪
[indistinct chatter]
- Nephew.
Ha ha!
- You in the big leagues now,
Uncle T!
- Pretty impressive, huh?
- It looks amazing, really.
- For the people who live here
built by the people
who live here.
Money stays right here
and it's all good
for the community.
What's happening, baby?
- Uh...
You, um, remember I told you
about the God account?
- Yeah.
- Well.
- [chuckling]
You gotta be kidding me.
- Uncle T.
You and me, we have always been
honest with each other.
Is there something
you want to tell me?
- We should talk.
- So how does this
usually work?
- Well, it's different
every time,
but you're the first
friend suggestion
I actually know.
- And they sent you
my name when?
- Right after you took off
from the park.
Hey, you got a phone call
right before that,
something about work
and you seemed pretty stressed.
Is everything okay?
- That was a permit issue.
I mean, that's already
been fixed.
But truthfully,
things have been
really stressful at work.
- Terrence.
- Conrad. Ah, meet my nephew,
Miles Finer.
- Reverend Finer's boy,
of course.
Your father's been a role model
in our community
since I can remember.
- Oh, well, thank you, man.
- Yeah, your uncle here
ain't too far behind.
That high-rise he's building,
that's gonna change things.
If you ever need anything,
give me a call.
- No doubt.
- All right, you two enjoy your
Sunday.
- You as well.
- Who's that?
- This dude I grew up with.
Listen, I want to talk
to you, though, about...
something, and I want
to make sure that you
hear it from me directly.
- Hmm?
- Your Auntie Lena.
She's asked me for a divorce.
- Wait, I'm...
I don't understand.
You guys just celebrated
25 years together
and now all of the sudden
she's asking for a divorce?
- It's my fault.
Spend way too much time
at the construction site
and not enough time
with my wife.
- Then just talk to her.
Okay, let her know that
things got away from you
and that you're going to
spend time with her.
- I plan on doing
more of that.
But I gotta get
this construction complete.
- No. No, you can't wait.
- I know it sounds crazy.
It's selfish, I know,
because it is.
But listen.
I've been working
my entire life to get here.
This is my shot
at a seat at the table.
I got a chance to make my mark
on this city.
To build something that will
stand the test of time.
Look, I just have to see
this through completion.
And I know I can--
I know I can get Lena back.
So your friend suggestion
or not,
I gotta do this my way.
- Yeah, I'm sorry
you had to find out
about Mom like that.
- Well, to be honest, um...
I knew the two of you
have reconnected.
It's sort of why I'm here.
- You read my article.
Why didn't you say anything?
- Well, I figured
since you didn't bring it up
you weren't ready
to talk about it.
And I wanted to give you
the space you needed.
But I couldn't stop
worrying about you.
- Hey, I'm--
I'm sorry I didn't tell you.
I guess it's just...
when I tell you things,
that's when they become real.
And I wasn't really sure
I was ready for that.
- You know,
when you were growing up
I would ask you every question
under the sun.
But I never brought up
your mother.
And that's on me.
I want you to know you can
talk to me about her.
- I'm glad.
- But I do need
to ask you something.
- Okay?
- Is Susan sober?
- Dad. Yes.
For a long time now.
- I had to ask.
- I know how much
she hurt you.
The both of us.
So I know you'll never
really be okay with this
unless you talk to her.
See for yourself
how much she's changed.
Maybe we could all
have dinner or something?
- Fine.
But make it lunch.
I want dinner to be
the two of us.
♪
- They can't be splitting up.
I mean, they're Aunt Lena
and Uncle T.
- That's what I said.
- I'm gonna head over
to Lena's tomorrow
and check in on her.
- Hey, well, what am I
supposed to do, Al?
Uncle T said that he does not
want my help.
But I cannot turn my back
on family.
- Are you asking your sister
or the therapist?
- Both.
- Well, your sister would say
you should stay the hell
out of it.
I mean, Miles,
they've been married
for 25 years
and don't need their nephew
solving their
marriage problems.
- Okay, so what does
the therapist say?
- She says
you've put your uncle
on a pedestal
your entire life.
Now you're scared
of finding out
he's anything but perfect.
♪
Marriages don't end
on a whim, Miles.
- Your point?
- That there's obviously
some things going on
that we don't know about.
Things maybe they don't want
us to know about.
I mean, some things
just can't be fixed.
- But why did the God account
send me Terrence's name?
- I don't know.
Maybe there's something else
in his life
you're supposed
to help him with.
Well...
that's all the time
we have here today.
Oh, and don't forget
the ceremony
for the new Children's Center.
Dad would love
to see you there.
- Yeah, I'll be there.
- All right, bro,
see you later.
- Okay.
[thoughtful music]
So did your hacker friend
give you some insight
on the God account?
- Over email?
- Yeah.
- Are you insane?
Hackers are
a paranoid bunch, bro.
Not sure why.
- Maybe because
they're engaged in
criminal activity?
- Not all hackers are involved
in something illegal, Cara.
Some of us just enjoy coding.
- Right. Sorry.
I'm just tense about lunch
with Mom and Dad.
Mom and Dad. That is so weird
to say out loud.
- Hey, you're doing
the right thing, you know?
Don't worry about it.
- Maybe you're right.
But how are you holding up?
I mean, your aunt and uncle
splitting must be tough.
- Well, Ali said that
I should stay out of it.
- Right, but you're not
going to.
- Definitely not going to.
- No, no, Terrence has always
been there for me.
And I know how much
he loves my aunt.
This must be the reason
why the God account
sent me his name.
- Here you go.
So who are you guys
waiting for?
- Rakesh's hacker friend,
that's if she ever shows up.
- Yeah, how do you
know her again?
- Uh, we met at MIT.
And trust me, she's legit.
- Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
- Wait, there she is right now.
Let me do the talking, okay?
She can get intense.
So no eye contact.
No sudden moves.
None of that.
- Ramen-Rakesh.
- Lemonhead-Lucy.
♪
- [laughing]
- I was just messing
with you guys.
This is Cara, that's Miles.
- Hey.
- Rakesh said he had "friends."
I had to see it
with my own eyes.
- Ha-ha.
- So were you able to crack
the firewall he sent you?
- No.
Whoever designed it
has some serious game.
You ever hear of Falken?
- Uh, yeah.
He's only the most
badass hacker ever.
He was developing
a new computer language
known as predictive code.
It's basically the
building blocks of real AI.
- And then, about ten years
ago, he just vanished.
Went off the grid.
- So you think the code was
written by this Falken guy?
- It's possible.
Give me a day.
Let me put out a few feelers.
Maybe someone knows what rock
he's been hiding under.
- What is it?
- That's my Aunt Lena.
I'll be right back.
Aunt Lena.
- Miles.
- What are you doing here?
- [chuckles]
I came down
to speak with Ali.
I was gonna find you next.
- Is everything okay?
- I'm gonna be, uh, staying
with my sister for a while.
I'm headed upstate tomorrow.
- Look, Aunt Lena, Uncle T
knows that it is his fault.
Okay? He still loves you.
- And I love him, but sometimes
that's not enough.
I know you've always
looked up to him, Miles.
- Aunt Lena.
Please. Please.
He can fix this.
- No. He can't.
He's made decisions
that have jeopardized
everything we built together.
I'm sorry, Miles.
Oh.
Take care, sweetheart.
- Hey.
♪
- No, no, no, no.
Listen to me.
The problem was with payroll.
Okay? Your guys
are gonna get paid.
I just need a little more time.
- That's what you've said
for two weeks.
I'm putting them
on another job.
- Come on, Tom. Tom.
Y-You can't do this to me.
You--Tommy!
- Uncle T, what's going on?
- Miles, now is not the time.
- Yeah, I can see that.
Come on, talk to me.
Uncle T, I just talked
to Auntie Lena.
Now whatever is going on,
you can tell me.
- [chuckles]
I'm broke.
I mean, I put every dime
I have into this.
I've...
mortgaged my house...
Maxed out every...
line of credit.
And the problems
just keep coming.
And coming and coming
and coming.
♪
I can't make the next
bank payment.
♪
It's over.
- Well, maybe there's
something else you can do.
You can take out a loan...
- Oh, no, no, no.
I'm so far
underwater, I mean,
nobody wants to touch me.
That call I got this morning
was from the bank.
I asked for an extension and...
no.
♪
They're gonna take it.
You know, after everything
that I've done,
after...
all the sacrifices...
with Lena...
It's gone.
♪
[soft music]
- How's Uncle Terrence doing?
- Devastated.
- So what's he gonna do?
- I don't know.
I mean, the bank
is gonna foreclose today.
And I can't just sit back
and do nothing.
There must be something
I can do.
- I know you want to help him.
But the kind of trouble
that he's in,
you can't get him out of.
- Then why would the
God account send me his name?
There has to be a way.
Maybe I can go
talk to the bank.
See if they would give him
another loan.
- There is someone
you need to talk to.
But it's not the bank.
- I'm sorry to drop in
on you like this, Dad.
- Please.
To what do I owe the pleasure?
- Hey.
There he is,
my favorite nephew.
- What are you doing here?
- Terrence is helping me out
with some last-minute permits.
We start construction on the
Children's Center in a week.
And I want everything
to go according to plan.
Is something wrong?
- I don't know.
- Something the two of you
want to tell me?
- [chuckling]
Your son came
to visit me yesterday.
I'm sorry, I...
got him worried about nothing.
- Nothing?
- I was having a bad day.
On top of that I was having
a ton of construction problems.
It was a temporary setback.
Look, I-I apologize.
I should not have
dumped all my woes
onto this young man.
Don't worry about it, baby.
I woke up this morning
feeling like a champ.
I went down there, boom!
Got them straight at the bank.
- But you said
that wasn't possible.
- Well, that's exactly why
I don't talk to y'all folks
about my business.
Come on, you know I almost
lost this project
a dozen times?
It's par for the course.
I apologize
for all the dramatics.
But I promise you.
I promise you, I'm good.
- I really think my uncle
is hiding something.
- Why would he lie
about everything being okay?
- I don't know.
Maybe he doesn't want my dad
to know how bad things are.
- Yeah, or maybe
he fixed everything.
I mean, you said
he's a good businessman.
- Yeah, she's right.
Yesterday could have
just been about
him feeling bad for himself.
- No, no, I don't think so.
- So what are you gonna do?
- How hard would it be
to dig into
my uncle's finances?
Just to see what's going on
with his business?
- On a scale of one to ten,
like a two.
- All right.
- Miles.
Are you sure?
That's an incredible
breach of trust.
- Cara, what other choice
do I have?
Okay, if I find out that things
have turned around
for him, great.
But if they haven't,
I need to know
what's really going on.
- Okay.
I gotta go to lunch, but
you'll text me what you find?
- I'll walk you out.
I have to head down
to the groundbreaking ceremony.
Yo, you can use my computer.
If you find anything,
please call me.
- Well, that's great, uh...
I got nothing to do.
- I thought we should...
talk about things
before Cara arrives.
- There's nothing
to talk about.
If Cara wants to forgive
and forget, that's her choice.
I can't stop her from having
a relationship with you.
The only thing...
I hope is that you
really have changed.
- I have.
If being sober
has taught me anything,
it's the need for honesty.
Jeffrey.
Cara's finally
opening up to me.
We could have
a real relationship.
I can't jeopardize that
by lying to her about the past.
- You're not gonna
jeopardize anything
because she's never
gonna find out.
- Hey.
Is everything okay?
- Yeah, everything's fine.
Let's eat.
- So what looks good?
- Not sure.
- Me either.
- So what were you guys
talking about
before I came in?
- Nothing.
- Mom?
Okay, well someone needs
to tell me what's going on.
- Look, Cara. Um...
Things were difficult
after your mom left.
And it was a long time
before you were happy again.
And one day, when you were
in the eighth grade,
she came back.
- Yeah.
Wait, how do you know that?
- Because she came
to see me first.
And she claimed that she had
stopped drinking
and that she wanted to be
part of your life again.
- And you told her no?
How could you do that?
- Because I had
heard it before.
The promises to stop,
the assurance that
things would be different.
They never were.
You--You don't remember
all the times
she never came home.
I do.
And I knew that if she came
back into your life
and left it again,
it would destroy you.
- Yeah, well, that wasn't
your decision to make.
It was mine.
- I'm your father.
It was my job to protect you.
- Oh, protect me?
From what, the truth?
- Cara. Listen.
- No, no, no.
You know, I spent
my entire life
thinking that my mother
didn't want me.
You know, that she didn't
love me enough to even try.
My whole life I thought that
she was the cause of that pain
but it turns out I was blaming
the wrong parent.
- Cara...
♪
- Uncle T.
- Hey, hey, hey.
You showed up.
Oh, I'm so glad
you could make it.
It's a great day, all right?
- I need you to be
straight with me.
Is your business really okay?
- Come on, I told you.
We're good.
All right? The bank came
through with the loan.
No need to worry
about this, all right?
Just drop it.
Enjoy this day.
[phone buzzing]
- Rakesh.
Please tell me my uncle
got that loan from the bank.
- Not quite.
He wired money out of
the Harlem Episcopal Church's
bank account.
Almost 600 grand.
Maybe your dad lent him
the money?
- No.
No, he stole it.
- Hey, baby boy.
- So your idea
of saving your dream
is stealing from the church?
How could you?
- Man, what are you talking
about?
Where you getting that from?
- I know you transferred
that money
from Harlem Episcopal.
[tense music]
♪
- I know what it looks like.
I know, I know what
it looks like.
I know what it looks like,
but it's just a loan.
- A loan means someone
lent you the money
and we both know my father
did not sign off on that.
- Shh, do not do that
right now.
Okay? It's no big deal.
Listen to me. I'm going
to put the money back
before anybody even knows
it's missing.
Okay?
- Hey, guys.
What's going on?
- Tell him.
Or I will.
- Terrence?
- [sighs]
Uh, my business had a little
financial hiccup
and I needed to get
a little something
to get my guys back to work.
So... probably should have
asked you first,
but I took a little loan
from the church.
♪
- You did what?
- It's from
the Children's Center.
The money is just sitting there
in an account.
We don't have to make a payment
until the end of the month.
Okay? I will have it
back by then.
- What were you thinking?
- Do you trust me?
- Trust.
You've already broken
that trust.
With the board,
with the congregation,
with the community--
- I understand that.
But, look, I had to protect
my future.
- Your future!
- Arthur.
I will fix this.
- No. You know what, see,
I've heard that before.
You know what?
You have actually left me
with no choice.
Because I have to tell
the board everything.
- Then I'll go to jail, and--
- No, no. Dad, Dad, Dad.
Let's talk about this.
Maybe we can figure
something out together.
- Could you listen
to your son, please? Okay?
Arthur, if you do that,
they might blame you.
- I am well aware
of the consequences.
I just wish to God
that you had been.
♪
- Miles, I know I messed up.
Look, I'm gonna
make this right.
I'm gonna get
the money back.
- How?
You said there was no bank
that would give you a loan.
- I know.
There are other options.
[sighing] I just need
a little more time.
Can you just talk
to your father
and calm him down?
- I-I...
- Miles.
You've always had faith in me.
Don't lose it now.
[gentle piano music]
♪
- Let me guess, you're here
to plead your uncle's case.
- No.
No, I'm worried about him,
but...
I'm not here to defend
his actions.
I still can't believe he
would do something like this.
- Yeah, well, I wish
I could say the same.
- Wait, what do you mean?
- A few years back,
he was trying
to get another project
off the ground,
and I discovered
that he had taken a loan
from the church.
It wasn't a lot of money.
He put it back before
anyone else found out.
Of course I confronted him
and he said it was just,
you know,
a lapse of judgment that
would never happen again.
I believed him.
[chuckling sadly]
So.
- You didn't say anything.
- You know,
you are not the only one
that loves him, Miles.
- Right, but, Dad,
if you go to the board
Uncle T could go to jail.
- Mm-hmm.
- And you could
lose everything.
- Mm-hmm.
- So please, please.
Just give him some time
to put the money back.
He always comes through.
- I'm sorry, Miles.
I am not going to repeat
past mistakes,
and I have to honor the faith
that my congregation
placed in me.
No matter the outcome.
♪
- So what are you gonna do?
- No idea.
What are you gonna do?
I never should have insisted
on that stupid lunch.
- Yeah, because now you'll
never look at him the same.
- You think your uncle
will ever get that money back?
- I don't know how.
He's desperate.
He said something
about another option.
And what if he's gonna do
something he shouldn't?
- I mean, what could be worse
than stealing from the church?
- I don't know.
I just wish I knew what
was going on in his head.
- I mean, you could
talk to your Aunt Lena.
- No.
- Trust me,
spouses keep secrets
they don't tell anyone else.
- [sighs] Yeah, you're right.
And she's heading upstate.
I need to catch her
before she goes.
♪
Hey, I know that
you're mad at your dad,
but sometimes
we would do anything
to protect the ones we love.
♪
I'll talk to you later.
- Oh, Miles?
What are you doing here?
- Lena.
I need to talk to you.
Uncle T is in trouble
and I need your help.
He took money from the church
and he can't pay it back.
He's done it once before.
- I know.
It was when he was
just starting his business.
But he put it all back.
- How?
Where did he get
the money from?
- An old business associate.
He's not the kind of guy
you want to
borrow money from.
But thankfully it wasn't much.
And he paid him back
before things got dangerous.
- This time he borrowed
more than just a little.
I need to know who
he borrowed the money from.
- His name's Conrad Taylor.
He lives in the neighborhood,
but...
I don't know where he is.
- I think I do.
- Wait. Miles.
If he's desperate enough to
take money from Conrad again
he's not gonna listen to you.
♪
- Listen to me, Terrence.
If you go down this road,
there may be no turning back.
Are you sure
you want to do this?
- What choice do I have?
- There he is.
- Reverend.
- Conrad. You mind if I, uh,
have a word with
my brother-in-law?
Alone?
- Not at all.
♪
- I gotta do it, Arthur.
I gotta make this right.
- Not like this.
Borrowing money
from a man like Conrad
is not the answer.
You don't pay him back--
- I know how this goes.
It's the only thing I can fix.
- Uncle T.
Do you remember the promise
you made to me
after my mom died?
You said that no matter
what happens
you would never leave me.
That family was a bond
that could not be broken.
And that no matter what...
we would figure it out
together.
Now are you gonna break
that promise to me?
To my dad? To Ali?
To Auntie Lena?
We need you, Uncle T.
- What about the money?
- The only thing that matters
is where we go from here.
But we can't do that until
you get up out of that chair
and walk through that door
with us.
♪
- Please, Uncle T.
- Hey.
Thanks for meeting me.
- Yeah, well, you're not
the one who lied.
- Cara, he was trying
to protect you.
- Yeah, well, it should have
been my decision.
- I understand.
But you have one to make now.
You can either live in the past
or decide to move forward.
- You know, he's always been
the one person
that I can count on.
That I could trust
to always put me first.
I mean, growing up
he was my hero,
but now it's like...
it's like I don't even know
who he is anymore.
- All right,
I'm gonna say something,
and I really hope you don't
take it the wrong way.
But in the spirit
of total honesty...
that's ridiculous.
- What?
- Your father is the same man
you've always known.
The same man who was left
to raise a little girl
in an impossible situation.
- Why are you defending him?
- Because he was strong enough
to do something I couldn't.
I've been granted
a second chance
to get to know
an amazing young woman
who I'm lucky enough
to call my daughter.
You said he was your hero.
Heroes have it easy.
Heroes aren't real.
Being a dad?
That's real.
♪
- Have you spoken to Uncle T?
- I've been a little busy
trying to figure out
a way out of the mess
that he made.
- Is there a way out?
- Honestly, I'm not sure.
I mean, if I can give
the board assurances
that the money will be
back in the account
before we break ground,
then maybe I can persuade them
not to press charges
against... Terrence.
- Wait, what...
What assurances?
And how do you plan
to replace the money?
- You're sitting in it.
- You're gonna sell the house?
No. No, you can't do that.
There has to be another way.
- There isn't.
And I won't send your uncle
to prison.
Let's just hope...
the board feels the same way.
I've got to get down there.
- You mind if I tag along?
- I'd like that.
♪
Um... thank you
for meeting with me.
I stand before you
with a heavy heart.
Something has come
to my attention that I think--
- Sorry I'm late.
[clears throat]
♪
- What are you doing here?
- Fixing this.
♪
- Reverend Finer
has asked you all
to meet here today to...
inform you that...
I've embezzled money
from the church.
[concerned murmuring]
And my brother-in-law
had no knowledge
of anything I've done.
I take full responsibility.
So if you...
want to press charges,
then I completely understand.
And I will be, um, cooperative.
But before that, I just ask
that you look at this.
You'll see that all the funds
have been returned
to the account.
Now, this does not excuse
my poor behavior,
nor replace the trust
that you all
have instilled in me.
But at least it's a step
toward making amends.
- Arthur.
We'd like a moment
to continue to discuss this
further with Terrence.
Would you mind waiting outside?
- No.
♪
- Well, the board decided
they don't want
to press charges.
And they don't want to hold you
accountable for
my stupid ass mistake.
- How did you replace
the money?
And please don't tell me
that you went to Conrad.
- No.
- Then how'd you get it?
- I sold my last little
remaining stake in the complex
back to the bank.
Guess I should have done that
a long time ago.
Arthur, I'm sorry.
I just hope you can find it
in your heart to forgive me.
The board wants to talk to you.
- "Happy are they whose
transgressions are forgiven."
- I'm proud of you, Uncle T.
You know, you did
the right thing.
You gonna be okay?
- I've just been so focused on
getting my seat at the table,
I forgot that I already had one
with the people
that count the most.
- Yeah, but you still
do, Uncle T.
- I sure hope you're right.
- So what's next?
- Uh, I'm gonna go upstate.
See my wife.
I'm gonna convince her
I'm still
the man that she married.
♪
Look, I, uh...
I know you've always looked up
to me as a father figure
but let me tell you something.
You got a great man in there.
So I think it's time
you start looking to him.
And whoever started this
God account, you should...
if you ever find out,
you thank them for me.
And let them know
that they chose
the right man.
I love you, boy.
Come here.
- I love you too, Uncle T.
♪
- So what's the plan?
I thought none of your contacts
knew where Falken is.
How are we gonna find him?
- Pop that in for me.
- Okay.
♪
That's, ah,
that's the piece of
the God account code
I sent you.
- Exactly.
We use it as bait.
You want to find Falken?
Post it on the Internet.
Lure him out of whatever hole
he's been hiding in.
- Make him come to us.
- You ready for this?
- Launch it.
♪
- Going somewhere?
- I guess that's up to you.
- You lied to me.
- I know.
I'm sorry.
I told myself that I was
trying to protect you.
But the truth is...
- What?
- I was protecting myself.
After your mother left,
I didn't know if I could go on.
For all the anger I felt.
But more than that, I...
I felt so alone.
And terrified at the thought
of raising a little girl
on my own.
- I'm sorry.
- No, don't be sorry.
That look from my little girl
is what got me through it.
Wanting to be invincible
for you.
- I don't need you
to be that anymore.
- I know.
♪
- I can't believe you were
willing to do that
for Uncle T, Dad.
- Well, it was a price
I was willing to pay.
Besides...
[clears throat]
I owe him a debt.
- Uh, what debt?
- After your mother died
I thought seriously about
leaving the ministry.
I still believed in God,
but being able to believe,
uh, and stand
at that pulpit on Sunday
and preach and tell people
that everything was okay?
I wasn't sure I could.
So I prayed.
And I prayed.
And one day
while I was praying,
your uncle walked in.
And I told him
all of this, and...
bared my soul.
And you know what he said?
"Fake it until you make it."
[both laughing]
- He did not.
- He most certainly did.
"Fake it until you make it."
But...
It was sage advice.
He told me I had
to go back up there
and if I started feeling lost
or angry,
that I should look down
and he would be right there.
♪
And every Sunday
from that day forward
he was right there.
♪
So...
After everything
that's happened,
everything that he's done,
I can't imagine giving a sermon
and him not being right there.
Smiling.
To Uncle T.
[glasses clinking]
both: To Uncle T.
♪
- Life has a way
of turning things upside down
when you least expect it.
It tests our resolve.
Makes us question everything
we take for granted.
But sometimes
that's a good thing.
It's the only way
to move forward.
To usher in a new adventure.
♪
And yet,
it can come at a cost.
But that cost
is a reminder
of what's truly valuable.
What's worth fighting for.
[phone buzzing]
[uplifting piano music]
♪
- We are all tested.
But it is in our response
that we discover
who we truly are.
And who is willing
to stand by us...
♪
In our darkest hour.
- And sometimes
it shows us what was there
all along
that we just couldn't see.
♪
- ♪ Turn the street
♪ Repeat
- Greg, move your head!